Colour is my main inspiration and I'm surrounded by it.
And because where we live,
we get a lot of walkers come past our house as well,
because like literally the end of our garden,
our garden goes right round the house.
And to this side of me,
there's like a little lane that goes down
to the connects to the coastal path.
So we get a lot of people around all the time,
but our garden is a mature garden.
It's got loads of shrubs and trees and stuff in it,
as do the surrounding gardens.
But we can also see the sea, which is amazing.
Although I can't actually see it from here.
This is my workspace.
I'm actually sat at my work desk.
I can't actually see the sea.
But the weird thing is, because you know it's there,
it's like just around that bit of brick and the window.
I know it's there, so it's still kind of, you know,
like my work room is kind of like a stuck on the front
of the house type of conservatory building.
So it's freezing in the winter and boiling in the summer,
but it's all glass.
So wherever I sit in my work room,
and unless I'm facing that wall,
I just have trees and shrubs and the sky.
And you know, if I'm outside,
if I just go for a walk,
and literally two minutes and I'm looking at the sea.
So it's very motivational.
I'm watching people.
You can see life walking past,
which is another thing for me.
People are important to me as well in all aspects.
So that's where I get a lot of my burning has quotes on it,
motivational quotes or supportive quotes.
And I think that's because I feel motivated and supported
in my home and in the town and in the community.
So therefore that comes out in my work.